[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Maria Martinez is with us,
an ET contactee and channel
who has worked with the
luminous beings of light
since an early childhood.
Through shamanic training,
spirit retrievals
and galactic missions,
she helps others reconnect
their divine blueprint.
Maria, welcome to Beyond Belief.
>>MARIA MARTINEZ: Thank you.
It's a pleasure to be here.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
>>MARTINEZ: Well, it
started very young.
I started working and actually
doing my missions very early,
five, six years old.
I was visited by
many beings of light.
Some of them I recognized
as angels, archangels.
Others were ascended
masters and guides.
And it started very early
where they would take me
to different places to
retrieve small particles
or small fragments
of other beings
or other souls or other humans.
>>NOORY: How did they visit you?
>>MARTINEZ: Many times
they would show up
in the middle of the night.
They would wake me
up, and it was almost
like going into a trance.
I remember specifically
waking me up
because they would make sort
of like a tapping sound,
or they would gently touch
me and I would wake up.
And then we would go into sort
of like trance, bilocating,
and travel through other
dimensions times and spaces.
>>NOORY: Did they scare you?
>>MARTINEZ: No.
It was very familiar to me.
I believe because
I came in knowing
and I came in
remembering who I was
and the work that I did
in previous lifetimes,
so it felt very familiar.
I wasn't afraid of them or
the work that we were doing.
And especially going
into lower dimensions
and rescuing or retrieving
soul particles from places
like-- that were very
demonic, having them
around felt very comfortable.
>>NOORY: And you were
just a little kid.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: Did you tell
your parents about this?
>>MARTINEZ: I did.
I did, and they
weren't surprised
because I come from a lineage of
healers, lightworkers, shamans,
my mother, several of her
siblings, my grandfather.
So it was sort of
normal for us to be
able to see, to feel, to
experience beyond this dimension
and work with other beings.
>>NOORY: The luminous
beings of light,
at what point did you realize
what they were, who they were?
>>MARTINEZ: It
wasn't until later.
I would say probably early
30s, going into my 40s.
The reason I recognized
who they were
is because they were
different from--
>>NOORY: So much
later in your life.
>>MARTINEZ: And it almost
felt like a journey to--
my own journey of
elevating my own frequency,
elevating my
consciousness, elevating
and expanding my gifts.
Earlier on I worked
with beings, again,
that were maybe a
little bit more dense.
And as I continue to
expand and evolve,
then I was able to access higher
dimensions, hence the dimensions
that they exist in.
>>NOORY: You brought us
a artistic representation
of these luminous
beings of light.
Explain to us what they are.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
So this realm, I call it
beyond the 48th dimension.
It's a place where
when you're there--
and they take many
people there with me
when we're doing spiritual work,
healing work, alchemical work.
When they show up,
they're pure essence.
You can sense their
consciousness,
feel their consciousness
and their silhouette.
And they come in,
they have specialties.
Some of them were blueprints,
some of them were architects,
some of them are like
galactic doctors.
Depending on what we're working
on or who we're working with,
several of them show up to
work with that individual.
These beings of light
are pure essence.
They're plasmic energy, and the
realm itself is very liquid.
So once you enter there,
you're aware of yourself,
but you lose yourself in
the essence of this realm.
>>NOORY: Is that
you in the middle?
>>MARTINEZ: That's a
representation of what
I look like when I'm traveling.
>>NOORY: And the light
beings are all around you.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
And it's pretty much
looks like this.
It's a very open space,
lots of geometry,
sacred geometry, different
beings of light showing up.
It's almost like a
welcoming into the space.
And then once we decide what
we're going to be doing,
some of them step
forward specifically
to work with the individuals
that I bring to this realm.
>>NOORY: And where
is this happening?
In your bedroom?
Where might it be?
>>MARTINEZ: This
happens anywhere.
It happens like in this moment.
If I was working with
you, we'd go there.
We'd go to that dimension
and you have an opportunity
to meet with them,
ask them questions,
work on different things,
even download different things
that you're ready to access.
So either in sessions
or in meditation
or at any time in
the astral plane.
>>NOORY: Is it physical
or non-physical?
>>MARTINEZ: It's non-physical.
It's a non-physical plane.
The higher you go
up in dimensions,
there's less density so
there it's less physical.
>>NOORY: What are
these luminous beings
of light trying to teach us?
>>MARTINEZ: These
luminous beings of light
are teaching us, first of all,
true sovereignty, liberty,
and the remembrance
and the knowing that's
already within ourselves.
When we are in
communion with them,
they're activating within
us our divine blueprint,
they're activating
our DNA, that they're
activating the crystalline
blueprint within ourselves.
They're helping us remember
and access who we truly
are as divine beings ourselves.
>>NOORY: At that age of five,
Maria, the angels came to you,
how do you know
they were angels?
>>MARTINEZ: I believe it was a
knowing from my previous work
with the angels, especially
archangel Michael, the Seraphim,
the Elohim.
When they came to me,
it was like somebody
that I knew for
a very long time.
Again, they seemed
very familiar.
The conversations that we
had also felt very familiar.
>>NOORY: How did you know
it was archangel Michael?
Did he tell you that?
>>MARTINEZ: I
recognized his essence.
I recognize-- so when somebody
presents itself, even now,
I recognize who they are.
If an Arcturian comes
in, a Pleiadian comes in,
a reptilian comes
in, I recognize.
I have a knowing
about who they are.
And I also tune into
their energy signature
to recognize the root.
>>NOORY: How many people on this
planet are doing what you do?
>>MARTINEZ: Oh, I would
say thousands, maybe even
millions of people in this
planet are doing what I do.
I believe a lot of us
are coming in and either
have already
awakened to this work
or are in that
process of awakening.
But even now, more starseeds
are coming in to help humanity
and to bridge the many
galaxies in the knowledge
and access the cosmic library.
>>NOORY: What are
these luminous beings,
Maria, say about this
planet, this world?
>>MARTINEZ: The beings of light,
especially the luminous beings
of light, their core
purpose is restoration,
and it's moving us back
to the divine blueprint.
So about this planet,
it's about restoring Gaia,
and it's about restoring us
to the origin of blueprint
without the distortions,
without the interferences,
restoring our free will,
our true sovereignty.
And what the space that
they're holding for us
is for us to awaken
to our divine power
and move back and close
that gap of separation,
and release and heal and remove
everything that was implanted,
everything that was
distorted, our DNA,
other implants, other
synthetic implants,
other distortions
from other beings
that came in to
manipulate or take
siphon our life force
or energy or essence.
>>NOORY: Now, your
grandfather was a shaman.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: Did he teach
you these abilities?
>>MARTINEZ: He taught me a lot
of this in the astral plane.
So I left Mexico when I was
about five or six-years-old.
And I used to meet him
in the-- or I still
do, actually-- in a place where
both him and my grandmother
would meet me.
And it was this beautiful place.
It was this beautiful place.
It's up in a hill,
and they're surrounded
by many flowers and herbs.
It's a beautiful meadow.
So in the astro
plane, my grandfather
would teach me about the
herbs and my grandmother.
They would also teach me
about the healing and healing
aspects of the herbs.
We also would do
initiations together.
And even now when they come in,
they come in-- especially when
I'm working with the ancestral
lineage and the bloodline--
on both the masculine
and the feminine.
So they're constantly supporting
and helping me remember.
>>NOORY: How did your
grandfather become a shaman?
>>MARTINEZ: He was also
a naturally born shaman.
>>NOORY: Oh, he was?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
So he came in also
very much awake.
And he came in with the knowing.
He also started his
work very young.
And he didn't have, per se,
a person that taught him.
He also, like myself
very early on,
had beings that
were teaching him.
They're teaching him different
ways of healing, especially
in his era, clearing black
magic, witchcraft, curses,
hexes.
>>NOORY: Well, this sounds
like it's generational,
it's handed down.
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah, I
believe that it is.
And I believe that I stepped
into it in a very different way
in terms of accessing
what was already there
and also remembering
from my past lives
the work that I did there,
not just with humanity
but with Mother Earth
and beyond, the galaxies.
And now, especially working with
the luminous beings, is cosmic.
The work that I
do is very cosmic.
It's universal, is
divine intelligence,
is source intelligence.
>>NOORY: There aren't
many eight-year-olds
who start their
shamanic initiation.
What was it like for you?
>>MARTINEZ: It was
very interesting.
We were introduced to a
shaman, and at the time
I didn't know she was a shaman.
When she saw me and
recognized who I was,
she invited my
parents to come over
and basically told them that I
travel a lot during the night
and that I'm already doing
my shamanic work, especially.
And she described the
work that I was already
doing, retrieving soul
fragments, clearing entities.
Basically at that age
I was doing exorcisms.
And she suggested to my parents
that it was really important
for me to start my initiation.
Because I was so young
in the human body,
it didn't remember
a lot of that.
I remembered it as
a soul, as a spirit.
So she started introducing
at the conscious level, tools
for me to protect myself,
from me to ground myself,
for me to clear myself.
And it was very interesting.
I didn't really
understand at that point
the magnitude of it or
the universal impact,
but for me at that
time, it was fun.
It was fun to go and
participate and have
initiations, activations,
participate in healing baths.
It was fun for me at that age.
>>NOORY: Let's move to 18.
What kind of shamanic initiation
and training did you get?
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah.
So at the age of
18, I was in college
and a lot was happening there
where a lot of dimensions
were opening up during
my college years.
So that's when I went back
to her and I said, this is--
I need to get a hold of this.
So she created a process
for me where that's
when I first began to channel.
So when I'd come
to visit her, she'd
have sort of everything set up
in terms of crystals, herbs,
oils, whatever we
were going to use.
And she already had missions
for me to go on with her.
So I'd come to her house,
we'd sit at a table,
and she was also a channel.
So as soon as she touched my
hand, she would go into trance
and then begin to tell me
exactly what the mission was
going to be about.
And she would begin
to explain everything
that we were going to be
using to liberate or to heal
or to undo whatever
we were doing.
And a lot of times it was
witchcraft or black magic.
So it was very interesting.
I started with what I
called earth energy, that's
what-- or Earth Magic.
She taught me of the herbs
as well and the crystals.
Also taught me about using
objects to infuse energy.
And now I've taken
that, and now you
working with the
luminous beings of light,
I work with pure frequency.
>>NOORY: Tell us what happened
at 12, this ET contact.
How did that happen?
>>MARTINEZ: That was also
very interesting and strange
at the same time because
it was my first experience.
I remember sitting on my bed
just hearing these noises,
like a buzzing, almost
like the TV analog
when it kind of makes this
kind of buzzing sound.
When I started
hearing that, it felt
like I was going to have a
headache and my visual started
changing.
And then all of a
sudden I saw what
looked like these kind of
codes and squiggly lines
in front of me.
And then they expanded.
They almost expanded
backwards as
if the portal was opening
up, the portal opening up.
And from that portal,
a being came out.
He was tall, but his torso
was not lengthy or slinky.
He was kind of compact, but
it was-- he was very tall.
And the way he communicated
was through telepathy,
but what I heard initially
were the similar sounds
that I heard before
the portal opened.
So it was like a
clicking, ticking sound
and then some other tones.
And then in that moment
when he walked out
of the portal, that's when
I understood so, again,
I felt he was talking
to me through telepathy.
I also feel like I-- because
now I channel light language,
there's an understanding,
when you hear light language,
if you're also channeling
light language, what
that language is about.
So I feel like those
tones, I recognize
or I can hear the frequency
of it, and it was interpreted.
He came in to show
me what was beyond.
In that area or in that
stage, at 12, I was--
even though I already knew who
I was, I wasn't fully in it
and I was very sheltered.
My parents were a
bit afraid that I
didn't have other
resources or other training
to do the work that I
was doing, so they would
ask me to keep it hush hush.
So this being of light came
in to show me what was beyond.
As he stepped out of the
portal, he pulled up his hands
and then around him I
saw different images,
very similar to the
images in the frame
we saw earlier in the picture
of the luminous beings.
>>NOORY: Well, you brought
us another artistic rendering
of this first encounter.
Let's take a look.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
So a lot of sacred geometry.
I feel like this was my
introduction to everything
that is beyond what we
know or what I knew,
everything that is beyond
what I was currently living.
>>NOORY: It was like a
window to the universe, huh?
>>MARTINEZ: It was a
window to the universe,
but it was much more than that.
I felt like it was a
message of the knowledge,
the cosmic library that is out
there, that is so accessible.
>>NOORY: Did the ET come
walking through there?
>>MARTINEZ: He walked all
the way out, stand before me.
>>NOORY: Did it scare you?
>>MARTINEZ: No, it didn't.
None of my interactions
were scary for me.
Even when I was facing
very dark, demonic beings,
I didn't feel
scared at that time.
I feel like that fear
comes from the ego,
and that's more when you're
in your conscious self
and in the human body.
A lot of these experiences
I felt I was beyond,
I was at the soul level, I
was at the spiritual level.
I was in the astral plane
when these experiences--
and they were perfect.
And as they
presented themselves,
it was a download
of information.
Especially in this
one, a download
of the consciousness that's
beyond the other galaxies that
were available and
what can be accessed.
And I feel like this was also
a message of where I was going
and what I was going
to be working with.
Now, that information, and more
than that information, that
was presented to me about
other galaxies, other beings,
the impact, the power
of sacred geometry.
>>NOORY: Past lives?
>>MARTINEZ: The past lives.
>>NOORY: How many?
>>MARTINEZ: In that
moment it almost felt
like it was an infinite
amount because I could see all
the flashing of the pictures.
If I was to count
them now, as I'm
looking at that picture,
about 100 and 103, 108.
>>NOORY: Past lives?
>>MARTINEZ: Mhm.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MARTINEZ: Well, we've
lived many, many, many.
Many of us have been here
for a very long time.
And that was just
a short 100 and--
103, 108 that they
wanted me to be
aware of that were
correlating to the work
that I was doing
here immediately.
>>NOORY: Now, you were also
taken aboard a starship?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: Tell us about that.
>>MARTINEZ: Well, that
happened several times
where I was aboard many ships.
There was one when I went
and did my training there.
There was another
time where they
asked me to come and be
part of the leadership.
And there was another
one where I came
and they introduced
me to my own ship.
And this is where I
take a lot of my clients
to do the work with
the luminous beings
and to access the
Akashic library,
and also to do other DNA
blueprinting architect work.
>>NOORY: What kind
of training did you
do with astral realm
combat training?
>>MARTINEZ: OK.
So in that astral plane--
so my training started
as actual combat,
meaning that they would
train me with other people--
or other beings, other
spirits, to do contact
as if we were in the military.
So it was almost like we were
like an elite of Navy SEALs.
Like the Navy SEALs,
like the elite group
that works behind the
scenes that goes on missions
that nobody really knows about.
And this combat initially
incorporated hands-on
and incorporated weapons.
As that training
progressed, now it
incorporates frequency,
sound, tones.
It incorporates a
sacred geometry.
But it was very interesting
to start there and be
in a room that looked like
sort of a Dojo, other beings
from different galaxies sitting
there, waiting to participate
in this training.
>>NOORY: Did you battle
with any of them?
>>MARTINEZ: I did.
I did with several, but the
one that was more memorable--
most memorable was a being
that kind of looked like a sumo
wrestler who was--
>>NOORY: That's big.
>>MARTINEZ: --big like
five times my size.
And I remember that the first
time I fought, I didn't win.
>>NOORY: Well, you brought
us another rendering
of this sumo wrestler.
Let's take a look at this.
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>MARTINEZ: So this is
what it looked like.
And I remember we did several,
we would fight with each other.
This was all practice.
And the first time I
fought him, I didn't win.
And I just remember just giving
it my all and it didn't happen.
>>NOORY: He would
have crushed you.
>>MARTINEZ: And the
second time around--
it might have been more
than the second time around,
but I remember when I completed
this training is when I actually
beat him.
So when I beat
him, this was done
and then they moved me to
the next level of training.
>>NOORY: How did you beat him?
>>MARTINEZ: Well, part of
it was we also use high--
we also learn how to use
telekinesis in this realm.
So some of it was
that, some of it
was really outmaneuvering him.
And in this, what I also learned
when you're in the astral plane
is that it's your imagination
that creates who you are.
>>NOORY: Was he
trying to hurt you?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes and no.
I mean, not necessarily.
We were all helping
each other train.
And so what happened here, I
made myself stronger than him.
So I brought in the physical,
I brought in the mental,
I brought in the intellectual
strategy to beat him.
>>NOORY: And you also learned
interdimensional combat training
beyond the ship, did you not?
Outside of it?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: What was that like?
>>MARTINEZ: So that's
what I'm referring to,
that they took me from
this physical with weapons,
physical combat.
>>NOORY: They all look like him?
>>MARTINEZ: No, no, no.
Not all of them.
They are very different.
Some of them do have
their size, others--
if you can imagine being in a
room and everybody has a gift,
either they can
move objects or they
can work with the elements
or they can conjure things,
so that was the next level
of training after that.
>>NOORY: Why were they
training you for combat?
>>MARTINEZ: Because the work
that I do, my sole mission,
is to heal the
blueprint, which means
removing the distortions,
which means finding, seeking,
entity interruptions, demonic,
archon, reptilian, Anunnaki,
distortions, or
other shadow beings
that have taken over
the physical body or any
of the multidimensional
bodies, the mental, physical,
and emotional, soul or spirit
or other, the blueprint.
And they were training
me to do this,
to help humanity, and
other beings of light,
restore true sovereignty
so they can come back
to owning their divine blueprint
to the original source, which
is when we're limitless,
we're all powerful,
we don't really age, we can
create instant manifestation
where we can command
and so it becomes.
So that is part of
my soul's mission.
So all of this
training was for me
to express my soul
mission in the highest
and best for everyone involved.
>>NOORY: But you didn't want
to be a warrior, did you?
>>MARTINEZ: No, I
didn't in that sense.
And I actually
asked at one point.
What I asked-- because it
was very dark at one point
where the beings
that I was fighting,
the missions that I was
going, I was very dark.
So at one point I asked
my counselor, I said,
I accept my mission.
I appreciate that I'm
here and I appreciate
the impact I create
or I contribute to,
but I want to do this with joy.
And when I asked that, I
still do the same thing
but now I do it differently.
And this is what I
mean, that now the way
I do it, yes, it's
the imagination,
it's sacred geometry.
They're introducing me to
a higher beings of light
where when they come
in and they say, OK,
I see this in that
person, immediately
that's taken care of.
If I'm working
with somebody and I
see a distortion in their field,
if I see an entity implanted,
if I see other occupants
in their field,
if I see other snake beings or
black magic, as soon as I look
at that picture and I stated--
all these beings
of light come in
and release all
this distortions,
so now the work is very easy.
>>NOORY: Why did you decide
to be a channel of source
instead of being a warrior?
>>MARTINEZ: Well, I still
would say that I'm a warrior,
but I'm a light warrior
in a different way.
It's not a physical.
So it's not a physical exertion.
I actually now, the work that
I do, I do it from the source.
>>NOORY: What is source?
>>MARTINEZ: Source is
that infinite creation.
It's the infinite
or fountain of all.
It is the divine consciousness,
the unity or oneness
where everything emanates,
it's the creation of all.
And it wasn't a choice.
It was a new development for me.
So initially the
work that I was doing
and the way I was channeling and
the way I was doing the work,
I was using a lot
of my life force
because that's how I knew how
to do it at the beginning.
And as I continued to
work with my counsel,
as I continued to
work with my mentors,
as I continued to step
further into the bigger not
just the human, not just
Mother Earth, now it's
different galaxies,
as I continue
to evolve into my mission,
then now the way I channel
or what I channel is the truth.
The true frequency that
is instant creation,
that is instant healing, that
is instant manifestation.
And it doesn't take away from my
life force so I'm not depleted,
I'm not exhausted.
So I can work with many
and wherever they are.
>>NOORY: Can you channel
that source anytime you want?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes.
>>NOORY: Would you do it now?
>>MARTINEZ: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How long does it take
you to get into that mode?
>>MARTINEZ: Just a few minutes.
Not a few minutes,
a few breaths.
>>NOORY: All right.
Well, let us start.
>>MARTINEZ: OK.
I'm just going to ask you to
take one deep breath with me.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Do you have a question?
>>NOORY: I have many.
Let's begin with the councils.
What do they wish to
share with us this time?
>>MARTINEZ: Yeah.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
What they wish to
share is that there
are-- the frequencies
are changing as we move
through the planetary changes.
Today and now moving forward
is a perfect time for all of us
a step further into who we are,
further into the awakening,
further into our
divine power and master
the divine within ourselves
as true source creation.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
We all have the divine right,
we all have that availability,
and it starts with the choice.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: What do they
want us to remember
about our original
concept and design?
>>MARTINEZ: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
What do they want us to remember
about our original design is
that we were created as infinite
beings, limitless potential.
We were created as
the divine blueprint,
to express ourselves fully,
to contribute to humanity,
the planet, and others.
And that everything that
we seek is not outside.
It's within ourselves.
To come back to
the true blueprint
is to heal, to activate
the DNA within ourselves,
that 12 to 48 strands, to step
out of the fear, to step out
of the doubt and the
efforting out of the matrix
and step into the light, to
step into higher consciousness.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
To remember our divine
mission and to focus on being
and not on what's
out and what's being
fed, like the news
or the distortions.
To align with the truth,
to feel into our own truth.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: How do we reactivate
our galactic coding and divine
potential?
>>MARTINEZ: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
To activate our divine DNA and
our potential, first of all,
is to choose.
When we choose, we begin to
command, we begin to decree.
And then to go inward, to
release the distortion,
repair the DNA, repair the
light language of the soul
or come back to the light
language of the soul.
To activate within
ourselves the true potential
is to come back to the
light and align with what
is the truth of who we are.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
To live in the sovereign state,
to live in peace and love
and kindness, and to live in
the oneness of who we are,
to see the world as
one, releasing, deleting
the separation, clearing
the karmic soul contracts,
clearing the heaviness
of the ancestral lineage
and restore to the
divine blueprint.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: How do we
move from manifesting
to commanding our own reality?
>>MARTINEZ: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Soul worth, soul wealth.
Soul worth is innate.
It is what's already within
manifesting and commanding
our reality, just a small tweak.
Manifesting begins with
attracting, asking.
That tweak to
commanding the reality
is the knowing, moving
into expectancy,
moving into the I am, moving
into the flow and divine
partnership.
Recognizing that
everything that you seek
is already in your vibration,
recognizing that everything
that you are is already
within your field.
Everything that you
want to manifest
has been already created, the
divine partnership, expectancy,
flow.
Raising your vibration to
lock into that frequency
moves you into
commanding the reality.
Deleting, moving out of fear,
lack, scarcity, moving out
of distortion and separation.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: Source, what are the
true origins of human DNA?
And how and when was it altered?
>>MARTINEZ: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
The true origin of the
DNA is a collaboration
of other beings of light
intended for the good of all,
intended for the race
to move into higher
consciousness, intended
for Earth to also move
through its ascension.
The beings of light
were many, 22 or more.
The distortion began
when others beings
saw the opportunity,
the opportunity
to take to create fear
and to have enslavement.
The true source of the DNA was
meant as limitless potential,
as pure possibility,
as creation,
was meant to be supernatural.
These gifts were siphoned.
These gifts were
distorted through control
and through manipulation
to take from
and to enslave and
to keep oppressed
for other dark
secrets, or for others
who were not part of
the higher collective,
for their own agenda.
It can be restored.
And we restore it
through healing the DNA,
repairing the rips,
the DNA splicing,
removing the data that is not
yours, the seals, removing
what was implanted.
By utilizing the
multi-dimensional bodies
and reintegrating, releasing
separation and coming back
to the alignment, coming
back to the truth,
remembering who you are.
>>NOORY: Source, are you
hopeful for the planet?
>>MARTINEZ: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
In spite of everything that you
hear in the news all around,
the planet is vibrant.
The planet is more than hopeful.
Humanity is
contributing to this.
The starseeds, other
healers, other lightworkers
are contributing to this.
This is a great
transition to be in.
The planet, it's gearing
up for another ascension.
Yes, very hopeful.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: Source, bring
Maria back to us.
>>MARTINEZ: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>NOORY: Was that
exhausting for you?
>>MARTINEZ: No, it's not
exhausting but it is--
you do go into a bit
of a trance and--
by coming back and then
translating the words, yes--
or the tones.
>>NOORY: Maria, Los
Angeles had a tragedy
of fires that wiped out
many communities, many homes
and many people's lives.
Was there galactic
interference there?
>>MARTINEZ: Yes, there was.
When I and other light beings
that I work with tune in, we
saw several ships outside
that were interfering,
that were creating
the chaos or adding
to the chaos that had plasmic
beings in different areas of Los
Angeles.
And this was like
an opportunity.
So when we looked
at this situation,
they were manipulating
those involved.
They were manipulating
the media communication,
and they were contributing
to the emotional chaos that
was creating more
of that situation,
as well as initiating
some of the fires.
>>NOORY: Will there be
another tragedy like that?
>>MARTINEZ: The answer
to that is difficult.
And even if I tune in--
because we can't control.
but we can continue to hold
space and we continue to clear
and we can continue to seek
and look out for, restore.
And we can continue to elevate,
elevate our consciousness.
The higher vibrational we are,
the higher our consciousness,
the less we participate
in that type of chaos
or we fall into
acting from fear,
from scarcity, or from doubt.
The more we elevate
ourselves, the more
we align ourselves, the more
we contribute in a positive way
to humanity and to Mother Earth.
>>NOORY: What is your
galactic mission?
>>MARTINEZ: My
galactic mission is
to, at the same level that
I was doing with humanity,
restore that DNA blueprint, help
humanity remember their star
or connection and their
lineage, and actually access
some of those gifts, some of
those supernatural abilities,
and to also express
their own mission,
to welcome starseeds
into this life
and help create
the space for them
to bring in what they're here to
bring, to express their mission,
to teach humanity the new way,
to elevate mass consciousness
and to elevate Mother Earth.
>>NOORY: What leads
you to keep choosing
Earth as your galactic mission?
>>MARTINEZ: There's still
more to do here on Earth.
I travel to different galaxies.
I meet with different
beings of light,
and we still see the
opportunity here for humanity
to evolve even more.
There's a place where
we're all supernatural.
There's a timeline where we can
speak telepathically, where we
can move objects with our mind.
There's a timeline
where we don't age,
so that's where we're going.
And that's why many of
us keep choosing Earth,
because we know that possibility
and we know that reality.
So we are here to continue
to guide, show the way,
to awaken humanity
to that possibility
of their limited self, of
their true divine essence,
of living in flow
and prosperity,
being healthy, never aging.
>>NOORY: What is your daily
mission with good old Mother
Earth?
>>MARTINEZ: It
changes every day.
Today's mission was
actually not here on Earth.
It was actually going out
into the galaxies and work
with the solar flares.
So what we did, we--
so the solar flares can be good,
but they can also be harmful.
And especially for people
that are very sensitive
and especially if there are
other things that are happening,
other interferences.
Today's mission was
going out and calibrating
how we're receiving or
how we're perceiving
the energy of the solar flares.
A lot of us here are
experiencing them
as being very tired, being
exhausted, feeling out
of sorts, not in
our body, feeling
like we're not able
to do our work.
So what we did is we went
out to calibrate how humanity
was receiving them so that
we can do what we're here
to do very effortlessly in
the way that we're meant to,
in the way that serves many.
>>NOORY: Are you
hopeful for the planet?
>>MARTINEZ: I am.
I am.
You asked me this
question before about--
when we were talking to source,
and Earth, like you said,
it's going through a
beautiful, beautiful ascension.
And the more we as humans
awake and the more we
step into our sovereignty, and
the more we become limitless
and we more we awaken
our supernatural powers,
Earth also heals because
we heal the trauma that
is impacting Mother
Earth because we heal
the distortion that is
affecting Mother Earth when
we hold the lower frequencies.
So, yes, I am very hopeful.
I am very hopeful of
where we are all going,
all the beings that
are coming in to help,
and all the beings that we can
now access in the 48th dimension
and above that are here to
support our life force here,
humanity and Mother Earth.
>>NOORY: Where do people
find your work, Maria?
>>MARTINEZ: They can find
me at 360prosperity.com
or evolve360.online.
I'm also on YouTube,
Instagram, TikTok, and Facebook
as 360 Prosperity.
>>NOORY: You're everywhere.
>>MARTINEZ: Everywhere.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on the program.
>>MARTINEZ: Thank you so much.
It was my pleasure.
>>NOORY: Very heartening
to talk to somebody who
channels source and
teaches us where
we're headed in the future.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]